and I was backstage for more than 30 years, I created
weapons for more than 200 artistic
films this
gunsmith
pastor thing is completely ridiculous you
blade length of one whole 80 meters and
more than thirty centimeters wide
the cutting part will be the blade of 1075
spring steel
this is an aluminum plate class 6061 she
will be processed in a form that's wrapped
in bronze with the help of chisel technique
stamping is just plain small
I have a sword here
7075 grade aluminum heard on their 9.5
a centimeter one point eight
meters by 30 centimeters one edge
cut off for the triangular end not
invited Bella and brother we call him
ancient people he machines with foundry
I asked the pension to beat the front
9.5 centimeters wide and almost deep
4 centimeters inside the plate
we have a handle or handle
made of aluminum with a thickness of two
half a centimeter we drilled a groove
depth of 7.6 centimeters
so ridiculous he just needs
longer handle our handle will
20 centimeters long
made of speaking and take ingot
bronze forges his head office
and cuffs with bronze everything is not so simple not
you need to forge lights but we don't have
the time of ebb tide by means of
method of digging powder madein therefore
i take a big piece of bronze and you field out
he ball for hilt
also i will take a smaller piece of ingot he
apex pipe or collar dropped out of year
helped my assistant brain
who cranked the head and weights and
cuff on the lathe after that i
processed rough products on the grinding
machine there trim them then again
took advantage of belt grinding
machine for final processing i
removed the clamp from the vertical milling
machine and dug there a sheet of aluminum
thing spherical end mill I
despised decorative lines on the blade
we need to temper a piece of 1075 steel
1.8 meters long, 20 wide and thick
at 7.6 centimeters then sanded edges
and after that you can insert the blade of you
harvested plate and mount it all
riveting
Kingu unions and fasting salt
because of the size of the sword master i can't
cram it up a vertical drill
machine when it is fully assembled woof
so I had to use
scientists
instead of burning 3 drills while trying
drill by hand this piece of aluminum
if that how the whole sword was assembled we
pull it with chemicals to aluminum
looked like black steel didn't say that
freed put down and buster sword from
workshop I tore my back and arms
gang does she weighs about 34 36 kilograms
the boss must be the most ridiculous
and a huge sword that i ever
did not think that I ever
make a feeling of comfort and goyle but in my
diary you can now note that yes I
made him
translated and voiced by the time team
video game translation by olga vashchenko
editor vladimir skrynnik cupcake read
Yuri Andreev Design by Vladimir Lyubov
thanks for watching the gunsmith
don't forget to subscribe